🎵نمبر 1🎵
🎵محمد🎵
🎵Tik Tok, Tik Tok🎵
🎵رمضان🎵
🎵Super🎵
🎵Tik Tok, Tik Tok🎵
🎵Sako🎵
🎵I got the goods if you need em🎵
🎵She wanna party with demons🎵
🎵I hit once and I leave her🎵
🎵Hit her back up when I need her🎵
🎵I'm about to make it rain in the club tonight🎵
🎵9 milly on my hip screaming thug for life🎵
🎵Yeah the clock go tik but my watch don't tok🎵
🎵Run-in out of time no time to talk🎵
🎵Diamonds on the bezel so the girls round mua🎵
🎵Super turn the party into girls gone wild🎵
🎵Girl you need a man wit some mullah mullah🎵
🎵And you know super sako give it to ya🎵
🎵Ehhhhhh🎵
🎵في حاجة مش واصلالك🎵
🎵خليني اوضحهالك🎵
🎵فيه شغل، فيه كاش، في أغاني، في أفلام🎵
🎵مفيش وقت علشان افضالك🎵
🎵الوقت بيجري منى🎵
🎵Tik Tok, Tik Tok🎵
🎵عايزة حب أنا مش فاضي🎵
🎵زعلانة منى وده العادى🎵
🎵فبخدها عالهادى🎵
🎵يا بت انتى مراتى🎵
🎵اتقابلنا، وافترقنا، اشتغلنا، وانشغلنا🎵
🎵عاملة دوشة، عاملة أزمة🎵
🎵انتى طالق لو اتكرر الكلام ده!🎵
🎵Baby just move to the tempo🎵
🎵Super no tengo tiempo🎵
🎵I’m trying to get to the end zone🎵
🎵I cannot wait to your friends gone🎵
🎵We’re gonna be Litty from night to the morning🎵
🎵Cruise in Dubai in my new Aston Martin🎵
🎵You say that you got a man🎵
🎵But baby I'm way more important🎵
🎵let’s go🎵
🎵Baby come and get a taste of the NANA🎵
🎵If your man want talk no Habla🎵
🎵I got the gratta🎵
🎵An I ain’t scared to let it off that’s word to my MAMA🎵
🎵I’m a G-A-N-G-S-T-A🎵
🎵Shawty fell in love she will never be the same🎵
🎵Girl u need a man wit some Mula Mula🎵
🎵And u know super Sako gon give it to ya🎵
🎵في حاجة مش واصلالك🎵
🎵خليني اوضحهالك🎵
🎵فيه شغل، فيه كاش، في أغاني، في أفلام🎵
🎵مفيش وقت علشان افضالك🎵
🎵الوقت بيجري منى🎵
🎵Tik Tok, Tik Tok🎵
🎵أنا مشغول🎵
🎵جدولى مقفول🎵
🎵عايزة تشوفينى، تقابلينى، تسمعينى🎵
🎵تعاليلى حفلتى على طول!🎵
🎵Tik Tok, Tik Tok🎵